minor doc polish (#288)
akka/akka-projection: docs/src/main/paradox/error.md

The `Projection` will be restarted if it fails, for example if the offset can't be saved or processing of an
envelope fails after applying the @ref:[Handler recovery](#handler-recovery).

> The following example is using the `CassandraProjection` but the same can be used with `JdbcProjection` or
> `SlickProjection`.
> 

Reviewer: Even if we don't plan on adding any other Implementation ATM, this will be a PITA to maintain. Maybe rewrite as:

```suggestion
The following example is using the `CassandraProjection` but the same can be used with any other [offset storage](overview.md).
```

Reviewer 2: Technically, it's not about the offset storage, but about the functionality a projection implementation is offering.

Author: ok, but then it's on more places so I'll fix from my branch

Author: for flow, Future, and actor based handler it's about offset storage
